layout: page
title: "What is the EMR (Electro - Magnetic Resonance) method incorporated in a pen tablet?"
permalink: /Sales__CompatibilityLearn_more_about_Wacom_Products_and_how_Wacom_can_help_your_/Learn_More_About_Wacom_ProductsRead_More/Last/Previous/What_is_the_EMR_Electro_-_Magnetic_Resonance_method_incorporated_in_a_pen_tablet

# What is the EMR (Electro - Magnetic Resonance) method incorporated in a pen tablet?

This method refers to the patented pen input and pen tablet technology, the only one of its kind in the world, which enables battery-less and cordless input operation.


(Mechanism) The tablet forms a magnetic field on its surface (electromagnetic field), in which the electronic pen moves. When it moves, electricity runs through the coil inside the pen. The tablet then receives inductive signals generated by the magnetic field formed on the pen side (induction). By repeating the process a number of times in a short time, the pen's path is smoothly read by the tablet.


The digital pen is capable of detecting the force exerted on it and the tilted angle, thereby enabling differences in line widths and color gradation to be displayed. Another notable feature is that an eraser function, which allows users to easily correct drawings, can be added to the pen.

---
Source: [https://support.wacom.com/hc/en-us/articles/1500006270401-What-is-the-EMR-Electro-Magnetic-Resonance-method-incorporated-in-a-pen-tablet](https://support.wacom.com/hc/en-us/articles/1500006270401-What-is-the-EMR-Electro-Magnetic-Resonance-method-incorporated-in-a-pen-tablet)
