layout: page
title: "Why does the Wacom Cintiq Pro "Quality" measurement fail on some targets, but passes the default and most others with the Wacom Color Manger?"
permalink: /Hardware_SupportHaving_trouble_with_a_Wacom_device_See_answers_to_many_frequentl/Troubleshoot_Wacom_HardwareRead_More/Pen_Display/Wacom_Color_Manager/Why_does_the_Wacom_Cintiq_Pro_Quality_measurement_fail_on_some_targets_but_passe

# Why does the Wacom Cintiq Pro "Quality" measurement fail on some targets, but passes the default and most others with the Wacom Color Manger?

A Cintiq Pro may pass Display "Quality" with the ColorChecker Classic target, but fail with others (IDEAlliance test charts, IT8.7-3 CMYK, IT8.7-4 CMYK, etc...). The "Pass"/"Fail" result in Display QA is determined by two things: "Average dE" (average color difference of all the patches) and "Maximum dE all patches" (the patch with the worst color match). If either one exceeds the user-defined tolerance (less than 2-3 is not perceptible, even to the trained eye), the user will receive a failing grade. The ColorChecker Classic target has a collection of 24 colors that are fairly reproducible on most quality displays. This will typically result in a "Pass" in most well behaved monitors. The remaining charts are actually designed for printer profiling and have a number of color patches that are not very reproducible on even the very best monitors. Even though the "Average dE" might receive a passing grade, a single out-of-gamut color patch could result in a failing grade in the "Maximum dE" field. When using Display "Quality", it would be advisable to review all data in the "QA Report" workflow step...not just the overall "Pass"/"Fail" grade. For instance, perhaps the "Lowest 90% dE of the "Average dE results" would provide good feedback for checking the display's true performance.

---
Source: [https://support.wacom.com/hc/en-us/articles/9224820083607-Why-does-the-Wacom-Cintiq-Pro-Quality-measurement-fail-on-some-targets-but-passes-the-default-and-most-others-with-the-Wacom-Color-Manger](https://support.wacom.com/hc/en-us/articles/9224820083607-Why-does-the-Wacom-Cintiq-Pro-Quality-measurement-fail-on-some-targets-but-passes-the-default-and-most-others-with-the-Wacom-Color-Manger)
